docs: initial content for references.d.ts (#8)
NativeScript/docs: content/project-structure/references-d-ts.md

---
title: references.d.ts
---

> The `references.d.ts` file contains the types definitions for the APIs accessed by the NativeScript app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `references.d.ts` file contains the TypeScript declarations for the platform APIs accessed by the NativeScript app.
```
